I chose the Proper Loan Data for my dataset. 
The full list of variable meanings is here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gDyi_L4UvIrLTEC6Wri5nbaMmkGmLQBk-Yx3z0XDEtI/edit#gid=0

There are a total of 113937 rows and 81 columns. This is a lot of information so I only used columns that I thought were significant.

First I wanted to look at credit grade because that plays an effect on how you are going to be paying off your loan. Interestingly the most common credit grade is a 'C'. Income also plays a role in the ability to get a loan and pay it off. The most common income is 25k-50k with 50k-74k being a close sceond. The least common income is people that make under 24k which makes sense because they would not be likely to pay off a loan. The majority of the loans are current while the least are past due. Almost everyone in the dataset is employed. The majority of people have a good credit score higher than 600. The interest rate and APR are very similiar to each other. Half of the people with loans are taking it out for debt consolidation. 

In the bivariate exploration I went a little deeper into the interest rate, APR, and income. The interest rate and APR has a strong positive coorelation with each other. Income has a negative coorelation with both the interest rate and APR. This is not surprising because people with a greater income will most likely will able to pay a loan off sooner. The sooner you pay off the loan the less interest rate you have to pay on it.

In the multivariate exploration I brought some new variables columns in to make better observations. Looking are credit score, interest rate, and homeowner there is no coorelation between credit score and interest rate. There is a coorelation between homeowners and credit score but not with interest rate. After taking out interest rate and replaing it with APR, there was no change. Comparing available credit, credit score, and credit grade there was a positive coorelation between all of these. As credit grade increased avilable credit increased and credit score did as well. Comparing income, interest rate, and bank credit there is not a coorelation between interest rate and available bank credit. There is a slight relation between income and available bank credit. Comparing current credit lines, available bankcard credit, income, and credit grade it was no suprising that the highest avialable credit is people in the highest income range with the highest credit grade in the mid to high current credit lines. The credit grade has a higher effect on credit lines vs. available credit than income really did. The only time income made a difference was when the credit grade was a 'B' or higher. 

